What's the matter, you're still poor, you're not happy anymore
Look at this dress you're wearing
Look at that stupid electric bike you're riding
Am I wrong?
Bad uncle, our teacher said that you can't judge people by their appearance
You can't make fun of others for not having money.
Kid, your teacher, he lied to you.
People like your parents who don't have money
Deserves to be laughed at
Don't use your sick three views
To represent everyone
Yueyue, your teacher didn't lie to you.
You can't judge people by their appearance
Just laugh at others for having no money
This uncle is an uneducated man.
We don't care about him
You go
No one in our car is educated
The car in our dealership
They're all million-dollar luxury cars
It would be nice if I could open one for you to go in and have a look.
Don't be ignorant
Everything is a million-dollar luxury car
Are we in the wrong place today?
Just buy a scooter with tens of thousands of dollars.
Let's go
Yeah, I see you guys have a small budget.
But I didn't expect it to be pitiful.
Tens of thousands of dollars, you dare to come to our slaves
Buy a car at one of its top car dealerships
Even if we can't afford it
You don't have to have that attitude, do you?
You are just a staff member here
Can't we afford it? Can you afford it?